A lot of the core team
They seem to be really...
"Gung Ho" on
going with the off-chain scaling solution
At least, prioritizing that first
So much so that I have quote here on reddit recently that says
We should not change Bitcoin to accommodate more users
And that's one of the things they were talking about in the IRC
So, uhh...
As a -
Instead we're going with Segwit soft forking, right?
Unless they going with the hard forking
They were also criticized
Notably by... other people
Like Jeff Garzik
of the risks that are inherent with going with a more complicated solution
Andreas: yes
So how do you compare this to say, Tom Xander's FlexCount proposal
of you know taking the hard fork approach and umm.. how like "core's roadmap" be wrong?
Andreas: I mean this would take an hour to answer and...
More importantly I don't think my opinion matters - at all - to any of the parties involved, nor should it.
Umm. This debate about big blocks and small blocks and how we scale bitcoin
First of all I don't think it's accurate to say that core is focused on "not scaling the core layer"
As you said it's a prioritization issue.Which one gets prioritized first?
Now...I have uhh a nuanced opinion about this - which pisses off everybody.
Because if you have a nuanced opinion then you are sitting on a fence and both sides can throw eggs at you
For not taking a side
And I'm not going to take a side
Because I think that both sides have merits
and really the question is about a matter of prioritization and sequencing and conservatism
versus a more aggressive approach to scaling
From time to time my opinion has changed
As I've seen new data
More recently, two days after the Ethereum fork
I thought "woah that went extremely well"
A clear 95% and 5% split
Technologically executed beautifully
"This is going to put a lot of pressure on core to come up with a similar solution for Bitcoin"
I was wrong.
I was very wrong.
Because a week later
Actually two weeks later
We discovered that even though technologically the fork worked
Politically it failed
and suddenly you ended up with a 70% and 30% split
and that was a disaster because there was not enough provision in the software to deal with replay attacks
it cost a lot of exchanges some money
I think there are some people from Coinbase in here that may have suffered some losses because of that
because of the replay attacks
i know other exchanges did too
or i heard that other exchanges did
So
after that my opinion was revised
you know?
and in Bitcoin (politically) I think a hard fork is incredibly difficult and will cause a deeper schism
So I don't think it's as easy as "one team is right the other is wrong"
I think we are going to have to let this roadmap play out
and for the time being
it seems that the majority of the participants in the system
Are continuing to put their trust in core
as long as core continues to deliver their roadmap
to a certain approximation
I'm not worried
because I think in the long term what we are going to do
is we are going to scale in a second layer
and we are going to scale the core layer with a blocksize increase
and we're going to do network optimzation
and and "ands"
the scaling options are not "either or" (mutually excusive)
they are "and and and"
and you just have to decide which comes first
I think a lot of this drama
is unnecessary
honestly in terms of segregated witness, soft fork versus hard fork
I think soft fork is a better way to go
I do. I think we are going to get cleaner and quicker than a hard fork.
I think a hard fork given the current political situation of Bitcoin is way too dangerous - even if it was for something everyone agreed like SegWit
Which, I don't even think you'd get that agreement
So, that's probably a very nuanced answer
about a very large question
and I'm sorry if I didn't give you more of a direct answer
I don't think there is a simple black or white answer to that problem